To live in hearts we leave behind is not to die.”
~ Thomas Campbell

“At the blueness of the skies and in the warmth of summer, we remember them.”
~ Sylvan Kamens & Rabbi Jack Reimer

Do you not know that a man is not dead while his name is still spoken?”
~ Terry Pratchett

“God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.”
~ J.M. Barrie

“It’s so curious; One can resist tears and ‘behave’ very well in the hardest hours of grief. But then someone makes you a friendly sign behind a window, or one notices that a flower that was in bud only yesterday has suddenly blossomed, or a letter slips from a drawer… and everything collapses.”
~ Colette

“There are no happy endings. Endings are the saddest part, so just give me a happy middle and a very happy start.”
 ~ Shel Silverstein, Every Thing On It

 “When we have joy we crave to share; We remember them.”
 ~ Sylvan Kamens & Rabbi Jack Riemer

 “I’ll be seeing you in all the old familiar places That this heart of mine embraces All day through.”
~ Billie Holiday, I’ll Be Seeing You
 

 “One more day One more time One more sunset, maybe I’d be satisfied But then again I know what it would do Leave me wishing still, for one more day with you.”
~ Diamond Rio


“14 years.
My longest relationship.
My only experience of maternal love.
My constant companon.
My best friend.
Duck.”
~ Sarah Silverman on her dog, Duck

“Look closely and you will see almost everyone carrying bags of cement on their shoulders. That’s why it takes courage to get out of bed in the morning and climb into the day.”
~ Edward Hirsch

“Losing my mother at such an early age is the scar of my soul. But I feel like it ultimately made me into the person I am today. I understand the journey of life. I had to go through what I did to be here.”
~ Mariska Hargity


“My father didn’t tell me how to live he lived, and let me watch him do it.”
~ Clarence Budington Kelland

“No one ever told me that grief felt so like fear.”
~ C.S. Lewis

“Ain’t no shame in holding on to grief… as long as you make room for other things too.”
~ “Bubbles,” The Wire

She was no longer wrestling with the grief, but could sit down with It as a lasting companion and make it a sharer in her thoughts.~ George Eliot

“The holiest of holidays are those kept by ourselves in silence and apart: The secret anniversaries of the heart.”
~ Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

“When a child dies, you bury the child in your heart.”
~ Korean Proverb

“It’s coming on Christmas They’re cutting down trees They’re putting up reindeer And singing songs of joy and peace Oh I wish I had a river I could skate away on.”
~ Joni Mitchell

“When our days become dreary with low-hovering clouds of despair, and when our nights become darker than a thousand midnights, let us remember that there is a creative force in this universe, working to pull down the gigantic mountains of evil, a power that is able to make a way out of no way and transform dark yesterdays into bright tomorrows.”
~ Martin Luther King Jr.

“When you die, it does not mean that you lose to cancer. You beat cancer by how you live, why you live, and in the manner in which you live.”
~ Stuart Scott

“The deeper that sorrow carves into your being, the more joy you can contain.”
~ Khalil Gibran


“Grief sucks.”
~ Sam Tobin

“It takes strength to make your way through grief, to grab hold of life and let it pull you forward.”
~ Patti Davis

“The healing power of even the most microscopic exchange with someone who knows in a flash precisely what you’re talking about because she experienced that thing too cannot be overestimated.”
~ Cheryl Strayed

“Someday soon, we all will be together If the fates allow Until then, We’ll have to muddle through somehow.”
~ unknown

“Next person that minimizes my grief is getting a swift kick to the shin.”
~ My sister probably

“Well, every one can master a grief but he that has it.”
~ William Shakespeare

“So when you need her touch And loving gaze
Gone but not forgotten Is the perfect phrase Smiling from a star That she makes glow Trust she’s always there Watching as you grow Find her in the place Where the lost things go.”
~ The Place Where Lost Things Go, Mary Poppin Returns

“If there ever comes a day where we can’t be together, keep me in your heart. I’ll stay there forever.”
~ A.A. Milne, Winnie the Pooh

“The whole world can become the enemy when you lose what you love.”
~ Kristina McMorris, Bridge of Scarlett Leaves

Her absence is like the sky, spread over everything.”
~ C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed

“I will not say: Do not week For not all tears are evil.”
~ J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King

“The reality is that you will grieve forever. You will not ‘get over’ the loss of a loved one, you will learn to live with it. You will heal and you will rebuild yourself around the loss you have suffered. You will be whole again but you will never be the same. Nor should you be the same nor would you want to.”
~ Elisabeth Kubler-Ross and David Kessler

“The song is ended, but the melody lingers on.”
~ Irving Berlin

 
“Sometimes, only one personn is missing, and the whole world seems depopulated.”
~ Alphonse de Lamartine, Méditations Poétiques

“An abnormal reaction to an abnormal situation is normal behavior.”
~ Viktor E. Frankl, Man’s Search for Meaning

“But there was no need to be ashamed of tears, for tears bore witness that a man had the greatest of courage, the courage to suffer.”
~ Viktor E. Frankl, Man’s Search for Meaning

“They that love beyond the world cannot be separated by it. Death cannot kill what never dies.”
~ William Penn

“Life has to end. Love doesn’t.”
~ Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven

“And once the storm is over you won’t remember you how made it through, how you managed to survive. You won’t even be sure, in fact, whether the storm is really over. But one thing is certain. When you come out of the storm you won’t be the same person who walked in. That’s what the storm’s all about.”
~ Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore

“What we once enjoyed and deeply loved we can never lose, for all that we love deeply becomes part of us.”
~ Helen Keller

“Without you in my arms, I feel an emptiness in my soul. I find myself searching the crowds for your face—I know it’s an impossibility, but I cannot help myself.”
~ Nicholas Sparks

Grief is a curious thing, when it happens unexpectedly. It is a band-aid being ripped away, taking the top layer off a family. And the underbelly of a household is never pretty, ours no exception.”
~Jodie Picoult

How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard.
~ Winnie The Pooh

“Grieving doesn’t make you imperfect. It makes you human.
~ Sarah Dessen

“Never. We never lose our loved ones. They accompany us they don’t disappear from our lives. We are merely in different rooms.”
~Paulo Coelho

“Tears shed for another person are not a sign of weakness. They are a sign of a pure heart.”
~ Jose N. Harris

“Grief can destroy you — or focus you. You can decide a relationship was all for nothing if it had to end in death, and you alone. OR you can realize that every moment of it had more meaning than you dared to recognize at the time, so much meaning it scared you, so you just lived, just took for granted the love and laughter of each day, and didn’t allow yourself to consider the sacredness of it.”
~ Dean Koontz

“Walk on, walk on with hope in your heart and you’ll never walk alone.”
~ Rodger and Hammerstein carousel

“You gave me a forever within the numbered days…”
~ John Green (Fault in our Stars)

“There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief.”
~ Aeschylus

“You will lose someone you can’t live without,and your heart will be badly broken, and the bad news is that you never completely get over the loss of your beloved. But this is also the good news. They live forever in your broken heart that doesn’t seal back up. And you come through. It’s like having a broken leg that never heals perfectly—that still hurts when the weather gets cold, but you learn to dance with the limp.”
~ Anne Lamott

“They say time heals all wounds, but that presumes the source of the grief is finite.”
~ Cassandra Clare, Clockwork prince

“Come back. Even as a shadow, even as a dream.”
~Euripides

“Your memory feels like home to me. So whenever my mind wanders, it always finds it’s way back to you.”
~Ranata Suzuki

"If tears could build a stairway,and memories a lane, I'd walk right up to Heaven and bring you home again."
~author unknown

"Grief is itself a medicine."
William Cowper

"Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose."
from The Wonder Years

"The risk of love is loss, and the price of loss is grief - But the pain of grief isonly a shadow when compared with the pain of never risking love."
Hillary Stanton Zunin

Death leaves a heartache no one can heal, love leaves a memory no one can steal."
Headstone in Ireland

"Grief is not a disorder, a disease or a sign of weakness. It is an emotional, physical and spiritual necessity, the price you pay for love. The only cure for grief is to grieve."
Earl Grollman

"Nothing that grieves us can be called little, by the external laws of proportion a child's loss of a doll and a king's loss of a crown are events of the same size."
Mark Twain, 'Which Was The Dream?'

You don't go around grieving all the time, but the grief is still there and always will be."
Nigella Lawson

“What happens when people open their hearts?" "They get better.”
― Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood

“Owning our story can be hard but not nearly as difficult as spending our lives running from it. Embracing our vulnerabilities is risky but not nearly as dangerous as giving up on love and belonging and joy—the experiences that make us the most vulnerable. Only when we are brave enough to explore the darkness will we discover the infinite power of our light.”
― Brene Brown

“A person is, among all else, a material thing, easily torn and not easily mended.”
― Ian McEwan, Atonement


“We cultivate love when we allow our most vulnerable and powerful selves to be deeply seen and known, and when we honor the spiritual connection that grows from that offering with trust, respect, kindness and affection.
Love is not something we give or get it is something that we nurture and grow, a connection that can only be cultivated between two people when it exists within each one of them – we can only love others as much as we love ourselves.
Shame, blame, disrespect, betrayal, and the withholding of affection damage the roots from which love grows. Love can only survive these injuries if they are acknowledged, healed and rare.”
-Brene Brown

“The strongest love is the love that can demonstrate its fragility.”
― Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes

“To share your weakness is to make yourself vulnerable; to make yourself vulnerable is to show your strength.”
― Criss Jami

When you love someone, truly love them, you lay your heart open to them. You give them a part of yourself that you give to no one else, and you let them inside a part of you that only they can hurt-you literally hand them the razor with a map of where to cut deepest and most painfully on your heart and soul. And when they do strike, it’s crippling-like having your heart carved out.
― Sherrilyn Kenyon

“Vulnerability is the birthplace of innovation, creativity and change.”
― Brene Brown

“Courage starts with showing up and letting ourselves be seen.”
― Brené Brown

“Vulnerability sounds like truth and feels like courage. Truth and courage aren't always comfortable, but they're never weakness.”
― Brené Brown,

“Vulnerability is the birthplace of love, belonging, joy, courage, empathy, and creativity. It is the source of hope, empathy, accountability, and authenticity. If we want greater clarity in our purpose or deeper and more meaningful spiritual lives, vulnerability is the path.”
― Brené Brown

“And maybe that was love. Being so vulnerable and allowing someone else in so far they could hurt you, but they also give you everything.”
― Christine Feehan,

“One of the most important things you can do on this earth is to let people know they are not alone.”
― Shannon L. Alder


What it means to be authentic:
to be more concerned with truth than opinions
to be sincere and not pretend
to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk"
to know who you are and to be that person
to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities
being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself
being awake to your own feelings
being free from others' opinions of you
accepting and loving yourself”
― Sue Fitzmaurice

“We are at our most powerful the moment we no longer need to be powerful.”
― Eric Micha'el Leventhal

“No one reaches out to you for compassion or empathy so you can teach them how to behave better. They reach out to us because they believe in our capacity to know our darkness well enough to sit in the dark with them.”
― Brené Brown

"Out of our vulnerabilities will come your strength."
-Sigmund Freud

."We are vulnerable, not fragile, but our desire to go through life without feeling pain makes us feel fragile."
- Luigina Sgarro.

"Everybody is equally weak on the inside, just that some present their ruins as new castles and become kings."
– Simona Panova.

."Vulnerability is basically uncertainty, risk, and emotional exposure."
-Brené Brown

."People can be at their most vulnerable, but still tenacious at the same time."
- Toni Bernhard.

"Courage is vulnerability. Vulnerability is courage. Like shadow and light, neither one can exist without the other."
– Wai Lan Yuen.

Vulnerability is the essence of connection and connection is the essence of existence."
-Leo Christopher

"There is no safe investment. To love at all is to be vulnerable. Love anything, and your heart will certainly be wrung and possibly be broken. If you want to make sure of keeping it intact, you must give your heart to no one, not even to an animal."
- C. S .Lewis.

 The strongest love is the love that can demonstrate its fragility."
- Paulo Coelho

"Vulnerability is the strongest state to be in. How boring would it be if we were constantly dominant or constantly submissive?"
-FKA twigs.

"The older I become the more I dream of a world where I don't need so much armor."
- J.M. Storm

There's monsters in all of us, but there's also vulnerability."
-Finn Wittrock

"Vulnerability is scary but pure. In it you can find bravery."
-Raquel Franco.

The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for."
-Bob Marley.

"The world has enough women who live a masked insecurity. It needs more women who live a brave vulnerability."
- Ann Voskamp.

"People cry, not because they're weak. It's because they've been strong for too long."
- Johnny Depp.

"Embrace your vulnerability and celebrate your flaws; it will let you appreciate the world around you and make you more compassionate."
-Masaba Gupta.

"One thing to remember is that human beings connect through vulnerability. That's our core way of connecting."
-Zoe Buckman.

"We have to transcend our own negativity and vulnerability and work from our own inner security."
-James Redfield.

"When we were children, we used to think that when we were grown-up we would no longer be vulnerable. But to grow up is to accept vulnerability… To be alive is to be vulnerable."
-Madeleine L'Engle.

"Vulnerability is not weakness. I define vulnerability as emotional risk, exposure, uncertainty. It fuels our daily lives."

-Brené Brown.

The death of a beloved is an amputation” 
– C. S. Lewis

Death ends a life, not a relationship” 
– Mitch Albom

We understand death only after it has placed its hands on someone we love” 
– Anne L. de Stael

“Deep down inside we always seek for our departed loved ones” 
– Munia Khan

Grief and love are conjoined, you don’t get one without the other 
– Jandy Nelson

You don’t know who is important to you until you actually lose them” 
– Mahatma Gandhi

For some moments in life there are no words”
 – David Seltzer

 You cannot stop loving your friend because he’s dead, especially if he was better than anyone alive, you know?
 – Jerome Salinger

 “No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply” 
 – Billy Graham

 “While we are mourning the loss of our friend, others are rejoicing to meet him behind the veil” 
 – John Taylor

 If the people we love are stolen from us, the way to have them live on is to never stop loving them” 
 – James O’Barr

 “Say not in grief ‘he is no more’ but in thankfulness that he was” 
 – Hebrew Proverb

 “Never. We never lose our loved ones. They accompany us; they don’t disappear from our lives. We are merely in different rooms” 
 – Paulo Coelho

“Grief is in two parts. The first is loss. The second is the remaking of life”
 – Anne Roiphe

 Unable are the loved to die. For love is immortality” 
 – Emily Dickinson

 The sorrow we feel when we lose a loved one is the price we pay to have had them in our lives
 – Rob Liano

 To have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some protection forever”
  – J.K. Rowling

  Blessed are those who mourn for they shall be comforted” 
  – Matthew 5:4

  “Therefore you too have grief now; but I will see you again, and your heart will rejoice, and no one will take your joy away from you” 
  – John 16:22

  What they never tell you about grief is that missing someone is the simple part” 
  – Gail Caldwell

  I love you every day. And now I will miss you every day” 
  – Mitch Albom

  Come back. Even as a shadow, even as a dream” 
  – Euripides

  The pain of missing you is a beautiful reminder of the joy of loving you” 
  – Dean Jackson

“Love is stronger than death even though it can’t stop death from happening, but no matter how hard death tries it can’t separate people from love. It can’t take away our memories either. In the end, life is stronger than death” 
– Unknown

“Remembering our loved ones is breathing life into their fading images, that we might once more see their faces and pass along a tearful “I miss you” 
– Richelle E. Goodrich

“When I saw your strand of hair I knew that grief is love turned into an eternal missing” 
– Rosamund Lupton

Memories.. let them fill your mind, warm your heart, and lead you through”
 – Unknown

"You're like a grey sky. You're beautiful, even though you don't want to be."
– Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes

"Worrying is carrying tomorrow's load with today's strength—carrying two days at once. It is moving into tomorrow ahead of time. Worrying doesn't empty tomorrow of its sorrow, it empties today of its strength."
– Corrie Ten Boom

"Every man has his secret sorrows which the world knows not and often times we call a man cold when he is only sad."
– Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

"You say you're 'depressed'—all I see is resilience. You are allowed to feel messed up and inside out. It doesn't mean you're defective—it just means you're human."
– David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas

"Dance until your bones clatter. What a prize / you are. What a lucky sack of stars."
– Gabrielle Calvocoressi, "At Last the New Arriving"

"If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath."
– Amit Ray, Om Chanting and Meditation

No one talks about the part of grief where you come to terms with the loss and accept it but then it hits you that you will never see,smell,touch or hear them ever again ..... and then you arent okay anymore 
-Niki Demar

I miss you everyday but today it feels like everything I do is just here to remind me I am living without you
- Pillow Thoughts II

“I found that with depression, one of the most important things you could realize is that you’re not alone.”
 — Dwayne Johnson

 “I go through a lot of depression, and I know other people do, too, but I have an outlet that so many people don’t. If you have that inside of you and can’t get it out, what do you do?” 
 – Billie Eilish

 Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear. The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say, ‘My tooth is aching’ than to say, ‘My heart is broken.’ 
 ― C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain

“A big part of depression is feeling really lonely, even if you’re in a room full of a million people.” 
— Lilly Singh

“I am bent, but not broken. I am scarred, but not disfigured. I am sad, but not hopeless. I am tired, but not powerless. I am angry, but not bitter. I am depressed, but not giving up.” 
— Anonymous

“I’ll never forget how the depression and loneliness felt good and bad at the same time. Still does.”
― Henry Rollins, The Portable Henry Rollins

“Depression is being colorblind and constantly told how colorful the world is.” 
— Atticus, Love Her Wild

“It is very hard to explain to people who have never known serious depression or anxiety the sheer continuous intensity of it. There is no off switch.” 
– Matt Haig

“Mental illness is so much more complicated than any pill that any mortal could invent.” 
– Elizabeth Wintzel

“Depression is feeling like you’ve lost something but having no clue when or where you last had it. Then one day you realize what you lost is yourself.” 
— Anonymous

“You’re not a bad person for the ways you tried to kill your sadness.” 
— Anonymous

“I don’t want to do anything. I don’t even want to start this day because then I’ll just be expected to finish it.” ― Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl

e must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love," 
- Martin Luther King Jr. wrote in A Gift of Love.

It’s one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody."
- Maya Angelou

Surely it is much more generous to forgive and remember, than to forgive and forget
- Maria Edgeworth

True forgiveness is when you can say ‘Thank you for that experience,' 
- Oprah

The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong."
- Mahatma Gandhi

Forgiving isn’t something you do for someone else. It's something you do for yourself. It's saying 'You’re not important enough to have a stranglehold on me.' It’s saying, 'You don't get to trap me in the past. I am worthy of a future.'
- Jodi Picoult

,"Throughout life people will make you mad, disrespect you and treat you bad. Let God deal with the things they do, because hate in your heart will consume you too."
- The fresh prince, Will Smith

Forgiveness is healing...especially forgiving yourself."
- Alyson Noel

"Forgiveness does not mean ignoring what has been done or putting a false label on an evil act. It means, rather, that the evil act no longer remains as a barrier to the relationship. Forgiveness is a catalyst creating the atmosphere necessary for a fresh start and a new beginning," 
- Martin Luther King Jr. 

"Forgiveness is a strange thing. It can sometimes be easier to forgive our enemies than our friends. It can be hardest of all to forgive people we love
- Fred Rogers